okay Anderson 99 distributors today I
want to talk to you a little bit of a
public system when we're talking about
this bottle the hoses and a small little
pump right here it's on the a side right
by the proportioning pump this is the
most important piece of maintenance that
you've been doing this machine the
purpose of the public system is not
necessarily as a lubricant for the shaft
but more of a wash there's a seal of the
proportion you pump right here it's not
necessarily perfect it can weep and
allow someplace so to be on that shaft
if boy stur gets to that shaft the corns
a nice slope it'll tear up the seal so
we have a wet cup right here full TSL
liquid and it washes the ISO off of that
shaft and puts back into this bottle if
the TSL model is allowed to get cloudy
and milky and even turn gummy or get
dark brown and can actually harm the
machine you can look up in here and stop
this from functioning you can do damage
to the rest of this system the tencel
bottle should be checked every day it
should be changed anytime against a
cloudy darker color or weekly whichever
comes first the liquid in this bottle is
well past due for changing to change the
TSL fluid on the thread the bottle there
we can see our check bounced one of
these shows pour the bottle out and fill
it about two-thirds full with fresh TSL
fluid nice and clear hose it back in
it's ready for long we're done the TSL
model again is the most important piece
of maintance you couldn't do on this
machine again my name is Ken and I know
distributors thanks for watching